
Brandy Lyne Yordy                Cell: 1- 269-568-1216: brandy.yordy@gmail.com


Career Overview

	Motivated, personable business professional with over 10 years of management experience, human resources background, banking and title insurance, education, and excellent customer service skills.  Empowered volunteers.  Work to help educate children including teenagers. Trained in Applied Behavior Therapy (ABA). Diplomatic and tactful with professionals and non-professionals at all levels. Accustomed to handling sensitive, confidential records. Ensuring problem resolution and conflict management, achieving high customer satisfaction, and building relationships. Volunteer management. Team player yet, Entrepreneurial with proven ability to develop strong customer and family relationships.


Work Experience


Managed
Supervised team managing daily operations and support of over 30 team members in multiple locations. 
Mentored and trained military regulations to over 17 units: volunteers, the commanders, and other military personnel
Collaborated with Departments to ensure smooth workflow and efficient organizational operations. 
Successfully trained staff in all office systems and databases, policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating superior results. 
strong ability to develop and implement processes and procedures that enhance efficiencies.
Promoted process changes to improve open communication and collaboration.
Customer Service

Consistently received positive feedback from all ranks of military personnel. Increased business by developing long-term relationships with military personnel and volunteers, along with outside organizations. 

Personally, managed any unresolved customer issues. 
Monitored the daily activities of 8 customer support teams. 
Process Improvement
Learned government guidelines and procedures to ensure compliance 
Assessed organizational training needs and followed through with training as needed. 
Examined and corrected property documents from abstractors and government offices to ensure "Proper Title" for banks and legal mortgages. 
Volunteer Management
Successfully helped grow and retain volunteers for the Michigan National Guard. 

Conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives. 
Directed personnel, training, and labor relations activities. 
Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed, and selected applicants. 
Collaboration between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting, and administering contracts and helping resolve work-related problems. 
Education
Trained in and administer ABA Therapy.   
Tutored on a homeschool campus with different ages of children and help guide other parents. 
Tutored second grade students in reading. 
Educating and raising teenagers 







Employment History

ABA Therapy
November 2018-Present
Centria Autism Healthcare


Raising and educating teenagers
September 2015-2018
Stay at home mom

Human Resources 
March 2014 to Sept 2015 
D&D Maintenance Supply Company

Military Family Readiness 
March 2008 to March 2012 and May 2013 to Jan 2014
Military Personnel Services Corp- Contracted for- Michigan National Guard –Falls Church, Virginia


Closing Manager/Title Management
January 2002 to October 2005
Nations Title Agency – Portage, Michigan


Education

Western Michigan University 04/2011
Kalamazoo, Michigan
Human Resources Development
Master's Degree

Indiana University 12/2001

Fort Wayne, Indiana

General Studies/Leadership and Human Resources Focus

Bachelor's Degree

ABA Therapy Education
40 hours online education and one day in classroom with continuous yearly modules to stay compliant.

Affiliations
Volunteer for the Michigan National Guard
Volunteer Walters Elementary School
